in this video we are going to make a
trade with the guard game you give the
guard a book and you will get a key to
unlock the door to the next room first
let's set up the scene drag the
background image to the canvas in the
property panel on the right side of the
canvas area name it room 1 now let's add
a door a guard and a book to the scene
you
we also need to put a key behind the
guard to do that drag the key over the
guard in the canvas area click yes if
you want to put the key behind the guard
in this game the guard is a container
for the key you can check what's inside
a container by clicking on the container
and checking the property panel on the
right next click on the add new scene
button to make room too we also need to
give it a background image
now we have added all the scenes and
objects we need we can now start to make
connections in the puzzle editor click
on the puzzle editor tab we need to make
three puzzles here the first puzzle is
to pick up the book from the floor the
second puzzle is to get the key from the
guard by trading the book for the key
with him the third puzzle is to go to
room 2 through the locked door let's
make the first puzzle the goal is to get
the book
the way to achieve that is by picking it
up directly click on the looks good
button now let's make the second puzzle
the goal here is to get an item the item
is the key and the way to achieve that
is by trading with the character the
character is the guard and the object is
the book click on the looks good button
now let's make the last puzzle the goal
here is to go to another location the
new location is room 2 the way to
achieve that is by entering through an
entrance the entrance is the door
and it's locked by the key
click on the looks good button when the
player goes to room 2 the player wins so
we need to set this puzzle as the
winning condition in the puzzle editor
area great let's click on the play
button and play the game